c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.deps.json
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Hotels.UnitTests.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.pdb
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Hotels.UnitTests.dll
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.pdb
c:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\obj\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.UnitTests.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.deps.json
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.exe
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.dll
C:\Users\florm\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Laboratorio de Web APPIRESTFull\WebAPIRESTLAB01\src\Hotels.UnitTests\bin\Debug\net5.0\Hotels.pdb
